repo: Create PR Template (#1515)
DataDog/dd-trace-go: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
* New contributors are highly encouraged to read our
  [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation.
* Commit and PR titles should be prefixed with the general area of the pull request's change.

-->
### What does this PR do?

<!--
* A brief description of the change being made with this pull request.
* If the description here cannot be expressed in a succinct form, consider
  opening multiple pull requests instead of a single one.
-->

### Motivation

<!--
* What inspired you to submit this pull request?
* Link any related GitHub issues or PRs here.
* If this resolves a GitHub issue, include "Fixes #XXXX" to link the issue and auto-close it on merge.
-->

### Describe how to test/QA your changes

<!--
* Write here in detail or link to detailed instructions on how this change can
  be tested/QAd/validated, including any environment setup.
* Ideally your changes have automated unit and/or integration tests which are run in CI.
-->

### Reviewer's Checklist
<!--
* Authors can use this list as a reference to ensure that there are no problems
  during the review but the signing off is to be done by the reviewer(s).
-->

> - [ ] If known, an appropriate milestone has been selected; otherwise the `Triage` milestone is set.

Reviewer: This one would confuse me a contributor. How would I ever know the appropriate milestone to select? Especially if I'm the kind of person this template is meant to guide?

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can ask to use the current milestone as a default? a.k.a the closest one to the current version. I'm guessing the majority of PRs belonging to `Triage` would end up being moved this way anyway.

Author: We can certainly clarify (although I think external contributors may lack permissions to set it?) However this section is part of the reviewers checklist so that reviewers can use it to track their review, so I wasn't necessarily expecting the PR author to take any action here

<!--
* New contributors are highly encouraged to read our
  [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation.
* Commit and PR titles should be prefixed with the general area of the pull request's change.

-->
### What does this PR do?

<!--
* A brief description of the change being made with this pull request.
* If the description here cannot be expressed in a succinct form, consider
  opening multiple pull requests instead of a single one.
-->

### Motivation

<!--
* What inspired you to submit this pull request?

> * Link any related GitHub issues or PRs here.

Reviewer 3: (They should link with `Fixes #XXXX` here if there is a github issue)

-->

> ### Additional Notes

Reviewer 3: I personally feel that the datadog-agent template is a little too verbose (we basically never use all of the sections, which tells me there are too many), so I'd remove the "Additional Notes" and the "Possible Drawbacks / Trace-offs" sections. and just let that be in the "What does this PR do?" section

<!--
* Anything else we should know when reviewing?
* Include benchmarking information here whenever possible.
* Include info about alternatives that were considered and why the proposed
  version was chosen.
-->

### Possible Drawbacks / Trade-offs

<!--
* What are the possible side effects or negative impacts of the code change?
-->

### Describe how to test/QA your changes

<!--
* Write here in detail or link to detailed instructions on how this change can
  be tested/QAd/validated, including any environment setup.
* Ideally your changes have automated unit and/or integration tests which are run in CI.
-->

### Reviewer's Checklist
<!--
* Authors can use this list as a reference to ensure that there are no problems
  during the review but the signing off is to be done by the reviewer(s).
-->

- [ ] If known, an appropriate milestone has been selected; otherwise the `Triage` milestone is set.
- [ ] Changed code has unit tests for its functionality.

> - [ ] If relevant, new system tests have been added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this interacts with the agent in a new way, a system test has been added.
```
